hi my name is Nadia Marshall welcome to
ones TV today I'm going to show you how
to make a very simple moong dal soup
made out of split moong dal some simple
spices and some veggies it's super light
and easy to digest and is really good
for you particularly when your acne or
your digestion is feeling a little bit
doll or a little bit heavy and you don't
really feel like much to wait if
anything you feel like you need
something a little bit medicinal to make
your your belly feel better this soup is
excellent choice where you have it
probably at least once a week sometimes
several times a week so it can become a
real staple in your diet and that most
importantly it's absolutely delicious as
well so I hope you enjoy the video and
that you enjoy the soup when you make it
for yourself at home
we begin by melting the ghee in the pot
under load moderate heat when all the
guys melted we add the mustard seeds and
swish them around so that they're nicely
covered in the ghee and we keep cooking
them until we hear them start to pop you
can actually see them jumping out of the
pan there and we might take it off the
heat and then add the curry leaves and
the cumin seeds stir them around then
next we add the coriander stalks and the
ginger and stir that around let it cook
for a little while finally adding the
turmeric and the hing to the pot so
that's all of the spices when we fried
those off for a little while then we add
the moong dhal so we don't need to wash
this you can if you wish you can just
add it dry it doesn't need to be soaked
or anything like that add it to the pan
and fry it off in all the spices until
it turns just a little bit translucent
and add the boiling water you can start
with a certain amount and then if you
feel like you need more water later you
can always just add it no put them bring
it to a nice simmer pop the lid on and
let it cook for about 10 to 15 minutes
and check out and stir it occasionally
when it gets to about this level of
cooking where the moong dhal is just
starting to break up and lose its form
then we want to start adding the veggies
so start by adding the zucchinis cuz
they're gonna take a little longer to
cook than the spinach so add the
zucchini to the pot then pop the lid
back on can leave a little gap with the
lid
and at each stage again just checking it
for the amount of water you might want
to add more
nitu after the zucchini is cooked for a
little while and the doll starting to
break down further then we can add the
spinach or silverbeet or kale leafy
greens at some description so we add
these stir them in and then again put
the lid back on the pot leaving a slight
gap when the spinach is looking cooked
in the Moondogs nicely broken down we
can make the little the soup a little
bit thinner by adding some water again
adding some salt to taste and the final
touch is adding the coriander leaves now
we don't really want to cook these we
just want to stir them in turn off the
heat and then I like to let the soup
rest for a few minutes before serving up
so serve up into some nice soup bowls
and finally adding a squeeze of lemon to
the soup which will help with the
digestion of the spinach and also make
it even